[Mei] I'll probably never
forget that night.
Even after summer ends...
Yamato is still by my side...
And I can still feel the warmth
and joy I felt on that summer
night at the festival.
[Yamato] What's wrong?
Are you getting tired?
No, it's not that.
I want to spend more time
with Yamato...
I still don't know...
...how I could possibly
stop loving him.
Should we take the long
way around this time?
I guess my reading was correct?
What do you think?
[Mei] Mm?
[Yamato] Since you don't
talk much,
I've mastered the skill of
reading your mind, Mei.
But you know, there's still one
thing I'd like to hear from you.
I think you know what it is.
[Mei's phone buzzes]
[Mei] "Sorry, I'm taking
the day off today..."
Oh no. Was it because I made him
do all that walking yesterday?
[Asami] What? Yamato never
misses school.
He must be feeling really sick.
Ah I feel like I might be
getting a fever and I'm pukey.
Aiko.
Idiot.
So were you two fooling around
on your little walk?
[Masashi] It was a little
cold yesterday.
Seriously, Tachibana?
You shouldn't act lovey
and frisky
when it's cold
outside, Mei-chan.
[Mei] That's not it! That
definitely didn't happen!
[Asami] I am worried about
Yamato though.
[Nagi] Here, eat up,
Big Brother.
Nagi's Super Nutritious Get
You Healthy Pastries.
Cake with powdered eel
and vitamin-rich freshly
squeezed juice.
[Yamato] Too much...
This is way too much...
Huh? What's that?
It's not enough?
It's like this, your big brother
would've been happy with just
some oatmeal or porridge. Okay?
You don't know what you're
saying, Yamato ni-chan.
You've got a nasty cold
and a fever too!
You have to eat a lot
of food to get well.
Okay. But you shouldn't have
pretended that you were sick.
No more skipping school, okay?
[Nagi] Look you, I'm already
letting Mei have you, isn't that
good enough?
But today, you're all mine,
Big Brother!
Hey, you'll catch my cold!
I'm fine!
[Mei moaning worriedly]
She's been moaning since
the middle of homeroom.
Do you think that she's okay?
Fine, I'll go kick her
butt out of the chair.
[Aiko] Tachibana.
You're miserable. So go
and see him already.
Aiko-san...
I wish you'd take care
of me when I'm sick.
Ehehe. You're already
sick, genius.
[Masashi] Haha you bet.
Hey, wait! What does that mean?
Go see him. Go on.
[Mei] Um, let's see...
Cooling patches,
vitamin drinks...
I'll take a stomach warmer, too.
Hang on there, I've got
something else for you, Mei.
The people who make my mud packs
sent me this little promotional
sample the other day.
It's a drink mix that's supposed
to be really good for people
with skin problems.
[Mei] Well, I don't think he's
got a skin cold, Mom.
You know, it just occured to me,
should I just drop in on him
like this?
I-I should text him
beforehand.
[phone buzzes]
Mei!
"Would it be okay if I
came over for a visit?"
Oh, Mei...
You really don't need to
worry about something like
a little cold bug...
But I wouldn't want you
to catch it either.
Where did I put that mask?
[door opens]
Ummm... She's coming, isn't she?
[Yamato] Huh? Yeah.
Gimme the phone.
[Yamato] What?
W- What are you?
[Mei] Hello, Yamato?
Oh, Mei?
[Mei] Y-Yes?
It's me, Nagi.
My brother said he doesn't
want to see you today.
What?!
[Mei] He doesn't want to see me?
He doesn't want to see me?
Could it be...
When things were getting
a little romantic in the
park yesterday...
Is it because I got shy and
pushed him away?!
And later that very same
afternoon he joked about
taking me home
And I gave him another push.
[Yamato screams]
And later on Yamato suggested
we try a snowboarding vacation
but that meant staying
overnight together!
[Yamato yells]
Yamato must be angry because
I pushed him so many times.
What am I gonna do?
[Nagi] What's wrong? Why
aren't you eating anything,
Big Brother?
[Yamato] I'll eat if you give
my phone back to me.
[Nagi] No way!
You're all mine today!
This is the only time I get to
be with you and give you my
extra special care.
I hope Mei's not mad...
No, I hope she's not sad
because she thinks I don't
want to see her...
I know, Yamato.
That's right.
Mei probably knows that Nagi's
just being a brat.
She's got to get it.
Yamato is mad.
He's gotta be really mad.
What should I do?
[Mei's phone rings]
Hello?!
[Asami] Mei-chan?
[Mei] Asami-san?
It took a lot of guts
to leave early,
but we're guessing you might not
be at Yamato's just quite yet.
How- How did you know that?
What? I was right?!
Hey, everyone, Mei-chan still
hasn't gone to Yamato's
place yet.
Hand it over, Asamicchi.
Tachibana, don't worry about it.
There isn't a man alive who
wouldn't be thrilled
to have his girlfriend
over when he's sick.
Damn, straight.
Matter of fact,
I'd do the same for
my girlfriend.
Feel free to get sick any
time, Aiko!
Shut it, jerk!
[Kai] Could I talk to her?
What's going on, Senpai?
K-Kai-kun?
[Kai] Hey.
Why aren't you going
to Yamato's place?
[Mei] Um, well...
I was on my way and his little
sister called me and she said...
...he didn't want to see me.
What?! I don't know what's
going on over there,
but, Yamato's not the kind of
guy who's gonna do that to you.
You should know that better than
anyone else, Senpai.
Yeah.
[Kai] Good luck with that.
And say hi to Yamato for me,
will ya?
All right!
[Megumi] Hey, what's
up everyone?
Megutan.
Yamato-kun is sick?
[Asami] Yeah. It seems pretty
bad, so we're worried about him.
Maybe I should go over there.
Megumi, he's not your boyfriend.
Come on, let's go.
What? But I'm worried about him.
[Tomo] Yeah, yeah.
[Mei] If he really is angry
at me for some reason,
I should just go. Not "maybe",
not "could be", just go!
I have to apologize at least.
If nothing else, give him peace
of mind.
Besides, I need to explain to
him that I wouldn't have
pushed him and shoved him
all those times if I didn't
like him.
Yeah. That's it. I was just
being shy, you know.
But maybe I should text
him again.
No, I should call him instead.
Well, I don't want to wake him
up if he's gone back to sleep.
Okay, okay, but I could still
leave these gifts in front of
his door.
[Nagi] You have to rest.
You're being a pain. You should
go back to sleep.
Nagi...
Did I get a message?
Uh-uh. Sure didn't.
[Nagi] Oh right... I remember.
Somebody told my girlfriend
I didn't want to see her today.
Mei, I hope you're okay.
[Yamato's phone rings]
Mei?!
[Kakeru] Sorry, dude.
It's me, Kakeru.
Kakeru?
[Kakeru] I heard you're sick.
Yeah, really sick.
[Kakeru] I see. I'm sorry to
call you when you're like this,
but there's something I really
have to share with you, dude.
What are you being
so serious about?
[Kakeru] Well, I finally
got a girlfriend.
Huh?
[Kakeru] I know, I know
"Not Kakeru."
I finally decided I was finished
with all the playing around.
I finally found a gem underneath
all those rocks I was kicking
around all that time.
Oh my god.
I'm happy for you, man.
Thanks, dude. Get this, she's
even got a job at some place
called Bakery Farm.
I'm headed there right now,
we've got a date today.
Huh?
[Kakeru] Just wanted to share
the good news, dude.
Later.
Hey, wait.
Bakery Farm?
Mei works at Bakery Farm.
What the hell? Is he...
Going out on a date
with my Mei?!
[Yamato] Hayakawa and me we're
still friends right?
I know I hit him but jeeze,
it can't be.
Kakeru has a girlfriend, and she
has a job at Bakery Farm?
Only Mei and that old woman work
at Bakery Farm, right?
But that's just crazy. Even a
playboy like Kakeru wouldn't
go for that old lady that runs
the place.
Kakeru-kun!
[Yamato] No way. Then... then...
Mei?! Is it really you, Mei?!
What? What about Mei?
You got her angry and now
shes going out with
Kakeru instead of me!
That's it. She pushed me away
all of those times yesterday...
Mei, you thought I was acting
sick and disgusting...
Oh my god! What am I going
to do?
Yamato, are you okay?
Keep it together, Big Brother!
No, it can't be.
Mei would never do that to me.
I can't take anymore!
I'm going! I'm going!
Get back into bed!
Mei...
[Mei] Oh... I'm just gonna
bother him.
Darnit! I came this far...
[Mei] The button, all I have
to do is push it.
I must! And I will!
Yamato...
[Nagi] My brother said he
doesn't want to see you today.
[Mei] No... There's no way
Yamato would say that...
But...
A classmate of Nagi-san?
[Mei] Are you here because
you're worried about Nagi-san,
since she stayed home
sick from school?
[Classmate] Uh yeah. I thought
it might be a bother since she's
home sick,
but I really want to see her...
[Mei] That's wonderful.
Huh?
Nagi-san ought to be
really happy with those.
You don't think I'm bugging
her, do you?
It's all right. I bet you
understand how Nagi-san feels
better than anyone else,
don't you?
[Classmate] I'm gonna give
her these flowers.
[Mei] He's just like me.
He loves her so much,
he just can't help wanting
to be with her.
[doorbell rings]
Who's at the gate, please?
[Classmate] Oh, um... It's me.
Wait a minute,
I'll be right there!
That's great, Nagi.
I'm going out, too!
[Yamato] Mei!
[Chiharu] Thanks for coming
and waiting.
[Kakeru] No problem.
You want to go somewhere?
Yeah, sure.
Well, let's start wandering
around then.
Okay.
Looks like they're okay.
Guess I ran over here
for no reason.
Mei! I forgot all about her.
I need to apologize to her!
[Manager] Hang on a second.
[Yamato] Yes?
You're the model that was in
Dessert with Megutan,
aren't you?
Oh, my god! You're even thinner
than in your magazine photos!
Uh, oh, uh...
[Manager] I've been reading
your magazine!
You haven't been in it lately,
so I was wondering what
happened,
but... You're not sick, are you?
[Yamato] Uh... Actually, I don't
feel very well.
You're sick? My, how horrible!
I've got a bread that'll fix
it up in no time!
[Manager] It's very nutritious!
Wait right there!
[Yamato] No, I...
[Kai] Still playing the nice
guy I see.
[Yamato] Kai.
I'll handle your secret
admirer there.
You need to find
your girlfriend.
She's worried about you.
She's mooning and moping
around because
she thinks she made you sick and
that you don't want to see her.
Hang on. How could you possibly
know all that?
You haven't been following Mei
around, have you?
What? Knucklehead.
Asami-chan talked to her on the
phone during recess.
[Manager] Thanks for waiting!
[Kai] Go on, move your ass!
Thanks, Takemura.
Sure.
Oh, hey big fella.
Where did the other guy go?
Oh, the other guy's
Mei's boyfriend.
What? My, my, my...
That's wonderful, Mei-chan!
I'm glad that you're not really
that sick, Nagi.
Sorry for making you worry.
Love is so wonderful.
Oh, Yamato.
So, are you going to answer?
Mei!
Hello... [phone beeping]
Huh?
[dial tone]
He's mad. I knew Yamato
was mad.
Come on! Why now?
I shouldn't have come.
How did this happen?
But I love Yamato so much...
I want to tell him!
It's so simple,
but it's hard too.
I thought everything was going
well, but maybe I still don't
get it and I never will.
I can't stop my feelings
for him...
[Yamato] Hey, you're early.
So are you.
[Yamato] I always arrive ten
minutes early.
So what you're saying just now
is, I made you wait 30 minutes
instead of 20 minutes
for the first date we went on?
Sorry about that.
It's okay.
I'd rather wait for someone
instead of making them wait.
Yamato...
Yamato.
If you're mad, please let me
apologize to you.
Let me apologize for making
you angry.
And please let me tell you how
I really feel...
[running footsteps]
[Yamato] Mei!
Mei... I finally found you...
I'm sorry,
I... need to... apologize
to you...
Mei I...
I'm sorry for the mix up.
Nagi had my phone...
[Mei] It's okay.
[Mei] I love you.